Before I start this guide, let me first start by thanking LuigiXHero for teaching me how to do this.
If it weren't for him I wouldn't know how to do anything of this, so here we go.

I've noticed that in the hacking community, not many people know how to actually make custom artwork for
ROM hacks. So, not only have I created a disassembly specifically for this purpose, but also decided to
make a simple public guide that teaches people how to easily import art. So here we go.

First you'll need the following tools:
-A basic Paint program (I use Paint.NET but you can use whatever)
-a tool called "InfanView"
-SonLVL

So here we go!
First, before we start anything, make sure that for the level you're importing the art into, you first
delete all of the chunks/blocks/tiles. If you're using the Empty Sonic 1 disassembly, you wouldn't have to
worry about this.

Next, you're going to want to make a little spritesheet which will contain all the art you'll be importing.
If you're importing chunks, you'll want to make sure the size of the picture is a multiple of 128 (or 256).
If you're importing blocks, you'll want it to be a multiple of 16.

Anyways, once you've saved the art, you then want to open the file in IrfanView. Then, you'll want to go to
Image>Decrease Color Depth. At this point, you're going to want to then set the Color Depth to 4BPP (16 colors)
Once this is done, you're going to want to go to Image>Palette>Edit Palette.

Here, you're going to see all the colors used. This is where SonLVL comes in. You'll notice that in InfanView
it shows the RGB values. You want to take these values and copy them into the color palette. Once you've copied
all the colors, you're going to want to then export the color palette as a JASC-PAL.

After you've exported the palette and put the palette file somewhere, you want to go back to InfanView, and
go to Image>Palette>Import Palette. From here, you want to select the palette file you exported. After this,
you want to then save the picture.

Finally, you want to go in SonLVL, and in the Art section, you want to go to the chunks and simply import the art.
Make sure you have the correct palette line selected, by the way! Then after this, you're done and you can now
use the art in the level and give the blocks collisions.